Amcl readme (#509)
ros-planning/navigation2: nav2_amcl/README.md

Adaptive Monte Carlo Localization (AMCL) is a probabilistic localization module which estimates the position and orientation (i.e. Pose) of a robot in a given known map.

## Overview
Currently, the AMCL module in ROS 2 Navigation System is a direct port from [ROS1 AMCL](http://wiki.ros.org/amcl) package with some minor code re-factoring. The direct port includes all of ROS1 functionalities except running from Bag files. The code re-factoring includes moving Sensor, Particle Filter, and Map from nav2_amcl directory to nav2_util directory. The main logic behind this is code re-usability.  However, given the way in which these classes are currently written, these codes are highly bounded to AMCL.  Therefore, to make use of code re-usability, these classes need to be substantially modified.
## Added Feature
AutoLocalization - is implemented by utilizing AMCL's `global_localization` service request and Behavior Tree (BT).  This enables initial pose estimation capability on differential type robot.

> On startup for navigation task, initial robot pose needs to be send to amcl otherwise amcl initializes its filter state to default values with particle cloud centered around (0,0,0). If the initial pose of the robot is not known and the robot is outside of default particle cloud, particles may not converge when robot moves.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 On startup of the navigation stack, the initial robot pose needs to be sent to AMCL otherwise AMCL initializes its filter state to default values with a particle cloud centered around (0,0,0). If the initial pose of the robot is not known and the robot is outside of default particle cloud, particles may not converge when robot moves.
```

> With AutoLocalization branch of BT, first `global_localization` service of amcl is called to randomly disperese all particles through the free space in the map. Once particles are disperesed, robot rotates, backs up, and if necessary rotates again to localize itself. The full implementation is described in AutoLocalization section of [BT Navigator](https://github.com/ros-planning/navigation2/blob/master/nav2_bt_navigator/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With the AutoLocalization branch of BT, first the `global_localization` service of AMCL is called to randomly disperse all particles through the free space in the map. Once particles are dispersed, the robot rotates, backs up, and, if necessary, rotates again to localize itself. The full implementation is described in the AutoLocalization section of [BT Navigator](https://github.com/ros-planning/navigation2/blob/master/nav2_bt_navigator/README.md)
```
